Create pull_request_template.md (#186)
Agoric/agoric-3-proposals: .github/pull_request_template.md

<!--
Thank you for submitting a pull request!

Please delete the sections below that aren pertinent to your PR
and then fulfill the remaining checklist items before merging.
-->

Closes #

# adopt a passed proposal
When a proposal passes on agoric-3 Mainnet, it should be included in the history that this synthetic image tracks.

- [ ] before this PR, change any `fromTag` using `latest` (such as [a3p-integration](https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/blob/master/a3p-integration/package.json)) to use a fixed version (otherwise they will fail when this PR changes latest and they pick it up)

> - [ ] before merging this PR, include a link to a PR that restores `latest`
> - [ ] after this PR merges, merge the other PRs so they're back on `latest`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] before merging this PR, include a link to a PR that adopts its fromTag `use-${proposalName}` (where proposalName is the part of the agoric-3-proposals proposal directory name after the colon, cf. [a3p-integration/proposals](https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/tree/master/a3p-integration/proposals#how-to-revise-this-directory-after))
- [ ] after this PR merges, merge that other PR
```
